Our design is separated into stages much like p9, with the major differences
that the D1 stage sets up the names/values of an instructions destination
and operands, and the writeback of each functional unit goes into the reorder
buffer rather than the committed registers directly.

Stages
======

Fetch:
------
Our fetch stage fetches one instruction at a time and automatically gets the
instructions from PCs one after another since we do not support branching.

Decode 1:
---------
Decodes the instruction from fetch and, in the same cycle, sends the register
numbers for the operands and destination of the instruction to the inflight
registers, and assigns a number to the instruction to be used in renaming.
The operands, operation, and destination, to the reservation station for the
functional unit which handles the instruction.

Decode 2:
---------
The reservation stations store the information about the instructions which
need to be executed by their functional unit, and listen to the output from
the functional units for operands which had an inflight name instead of a value.
Once an instruction has all of the values it needs to be executed, it is
dispatched to the functional unit.

Execute (variable length):
--------------------------
Each functional unit takes its operands and operation and then some number of
cycles later it latches all of its output values to be exposed to the writeback
stage.

Writeback:
----------
The values latched after the functional unit is done are sent simultaneously to
the inflight register file, all of the reservation stations, and the reorder
buffer. The reservation stations check the name of the output and capture the
value if they have any instructions waiting on that name. The inflight register
file changes the value at the destination if the name still matches. The
reorder buffer stores the output and destination based on the pc in preparation
for the commit stage. 

Commit:
-------
The reorder buffer stores instruction results in a series of shift registers
which order the results based on their pc. Once the instruction with the next
committable pc is in the reorder buffer, the value of the next committable pc is
incremented and all of the elements of the buffer are shifted down.

Board I/O
=========
TODO what do switches do?
